d20 Advantage -- You can reroll a d20 Test and use the higher result.
d20 Disadvantage -- You can reroll a d20 Test and use the lower result.
d20 Advantage: Elven Accuracy -- Whenever you have advantage on an attack roll using Dexterity, Intelligence, Wisdom, or Charisma, you can reroll one of the dice once.
spell Healer -- Whenever you roll a die to determine the number of Hit Points you restore with a spell or with this feat’s Battle Medic benefit, you can reroll the die if it rolls a 1, and you must use the new roll.
weapon Savage Attacker -- You’ve trained to deal particularly damaging strikes. Once per turn when you hit a target with a weapon, you can roll the weapon’s damage dice twice and use either roll against the target.
weapon Tavern Brawler -- Whenever you roll a damage die for your Unarmed Strike, you can reroll the die if it rolls a 1, and you must use the new roll.
spell Elemental Adept -- Choose one of the following damage types: Acid, Cold, Fire, Lightning, or Thunder. Spells you cast ignore Resistance to damage of the chosen type. In addition, when you roll damage for a spell you cast that deals damage of that type, you can treat any 1 on a damage die as a 2.
weapon Piercer -- Once per turn, when you hit a creature with an attack that deals Piercing damage, you can reroll one of the attack’s damage dice, and you must use the new roll.
weapon Great Weapon Fighting -- When you roll damage for an attack you make with a Melee weapon that you are holding with two hands, you can treat any 1 or 2 on a damage die as a 3. The weapon must have the Two-Handed or Versatile property to gain this benefit.
d20 Starry Form: Dragon -- A constellation of a wise dragon appears on you. When you make an Intelligence or a Wisdom check or a Constitution saving throw to maintain Concentration, you can treat a roll of 9 or lower on the d20 as a 10
d20 Reliable Talent -- Whenever you make an ability check that uses one of your skill or tool proficiencies, you can treat a d20 roll of 9 or lower as a 10.
d20 Trance of Order -- For the duration, attack rolls against you can’t benefit from Advantage, and whenever you make a D20 Test, you can treat a roll of 9 or lower on the d20 as a 10.